Update teams-for-vdi.md (#7270)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/teams-for-vdi.md

    - Per-machine installation

        ```console
        reg add "HKLM\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Teams" /v IsWVDEnvironment /t REG_DWORD /d 1 /f
        ```

>         This process adds a required regkey to the machine that lets the Teams installer know it is a VDI instance.  Without it, the installer will error out, stating:  "Installation has failed.  Cannot install for all users when a VDI environment is not detected."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This process adds a required registry key to the machine that lets the Teams installer know it is a VDI instance.  Without it, the installer will error out, stating: "Installation has failed.  Cannot install for all users when a VDI environment is not detected."
```
